---
layout: post
title: Scrum in China - investigation on Scrum adoption (Part 1)
category: 敏捷开发
tags: []
---

	                        Recently, <a id="cdhn" href="http://www.infoq.com/cn" title="InfoQ China">InfoQ China</a>
did an investigation on how Scrum is adopted in China. We picked 5
cases in this article: they come from different types of companies,
take different procedures, and get different results.
	Although
it's not a very big investigation, and even the companies who adopted
Scrum successfully didn't take the same steps, but as we focus on how
they adopt Scrum - whether successful or not, we will learn a lot from
them. Just like Mike Cohn said in <span><a id="liuk" href="http://www.infoq.com/minibooks/scrum-xp-from-the-trenches" title="Scrum and XP from the Trenches"><em>Scrum and XP from the Trenches</em></a></span>:
...we can all learn how to do Scrum better by hearing stories of how
it has been done by others, especially those who are doing it
well...Instead of best practices, what we need to know are good
practices and the contexts in which they were successful. Read enough
stories of successful teams and how they did things and you'll be
prepared for the obstacles thrown at you in your use of Scrum and XP
	The questions that asked by InfoQ are:
	1. Why did you use Scrum in your project?
	2. How did you adopt Scrum in the project, and why?
	3. What's the biggest problem during the adoption, and how did you solve it?
	
4. What's the benefit that Scrum brought to your project, your company?
	5. Why didn't you adopt Scrum successfully? Would you please describe the process?
	<font size="2"><strong>Q1. Why did you use Scrum in your project?</strong></font>
	<span><strong>Julie</strong></span>： <div id="l8s." style="margin-left: 40px">The
requirement changes too fast; the product roadmap isn't clear; we need
to improve the efficiency, the communication, make sure that the
business department can get the result a.s.a.p.
	
	<span><strong>kaverjody</strong></span>：
	<div id="x2o8" style="margin-left: 40px">According
to the defects in the waterfall development model, and other problems
in our AD department, we couldn't make improvement without
changing the development method. The top managers made the decision
that we would use Scrum to resolve the current problems, e.g. the cost
of software maintenance is very high, delivering new version always
took us a long time, etc.
	
	
	<span><strong>Alex:</strong></span><div id="l8d." style="margin-left: 40px">I first heard the concept of Agile when I joined NibiruTech on Oct, 2007. At that time, the most common Agile practices is the daily standup meeting. I had no idea about the effect of such a meeting. I tried hard to understand it and then found Scrum.
<div id="l8d." style="margin-left: 40px">
<div id="l8d." style="margin-left: 40px">
	Well, you know, as a startup company, we had no much experience on how to do the management. We wrote a management system by ourselves, and we used it together with Trac for management. Scrum gave me a great impression, and then I decided to popularize Scurm inside the company.