---
layout: post
title: Scrum in China - investigation on Scrum adoption (Part 2)
category: 敏捷开发
tags: []
---
Q2. How did you adopt Scrum in the project, and why?
	<span><strong>Julie</strong></span>： 
	<div id="e8hc" style="margin-left: 40px">We're
not using pure Scrum, instead we mixed Scrum with many idea from Agile,
including practices from XP, and made improvement with Scrum
Retrospective with the current development environment and requirement,
finally found out a way by ourselves. For example, if in one
Retrospective, we find that we need to improve the Code Review, then we
will introduce new Code Review mechanism in the next Sprint. 
	We
used a bottom-up way. First, we did experiments in a small scope, and
then made it spread more and more widely. Also did improvement to the
process during the adoption:
	2006.32006.6 (used in one team, around 8 person)
	2006.62007.12 (used in three teams, around 25 person)
	2007.122008.1 (used in one department, 6 teams, around 50 person)
	2008.1now (using in distributed teams. we're still building cooperation methods, tools, processes, etc.)
	
	<span><strong>kaverjody</strong></span>：
	<div id="xjhs" style="margin-left: 40px">It's decided by the top managers that we will use Scrum in our organization.
	
	<span><strong>Alex:</strong></span>
	<div id="hk:5" style="margin-left: 40px">I didn't think about how to adopt Scrum at that time, just shared all the informations with CEO and teammates. 
	
	While
asked by InfoQ, How did you take the steps during the experiment? Did
you just concentrate on the existing problems, and take some
appropriate agile practices to resolve them? Or some other way?  <span style="font-weight: bold">Julie</span> answered: 
	<div id="xjhd" style="margin-left: 40px">Actually
we didn't use the buzzword Scrum at first. We discussed with the
business guys about the release date, resulted in per release every
month. Then we had daily stand-up meeting for the management; and
project conclusion meeting for the improvement. We put production
review and team retrospective together into the conclusion meeting.
Product manager would explain the current situation, and all the team
members would discuss our achievements, challenges and shortages. As to
the planning meeting, we followed Scrum from the beginning. MS Project
isn't suitable for small project, so we changed to Scrum Excel
spreadsheet, and later to Xplanner.
	
After some months, we called everyone together and hold an Agile method
sharing meeting, made a conclusion of all the practices that we've
taken, and explain the meaning of XP, Agile and Scrum. Then almost
everyone looked as if wakening from a dream: Wow, We did use Scrum in
the past months!!!
	And our achievement was also confirmed by the top
managers, and we're allowed to share our experiences with other teams
and picked some teams as pilot. As the developers might switch between
teams, so it will increase the management cost if one team uses MS
Project and another uses XPlanner, at last, we got an order at we would
use Scrum in the whole company.