---
layout: post
title: Scrum in China - investigation on Scrum adoption (Part 3)
category: 敏捷开发
tags: []
---
Q5. Why didn't you adopt Scrum successfully? Would you please describe the process?
	<span><strong>David</strong></span>:
	<div id="nfsu" style="margin-left: 40px">Our
problem is, some guys on the top level misunderstood Agile and Scrum,
made Agile a formality. For example, we have a Scrum Master on one big
project, which went on very well. And a project manager found it good,
and began to push Daily Scrum in several projects; but he doesn't know
what's Agile, what's Scrum, so Daily Scrum became Daily Report because
of him. And the core principle of Scrum isn't followed.
	
Everyone must attend the Daily Scrum in the fixed time, and tell the
manager about his/her tasks today, then the manager will decide whether
he/she would take more tasks or not. It sucks. The Daily Scrum was
canceled finally, for everyone felt that it's too boring. And later
there was no one talking about Agile in the company.
	
	<span><strong>Fiona</strong></span><strong>:</strong>
	<div id="yf72" style="margin-left: 40px">I'm
in a distributed team, and the Chinese team only know a little about
Agile. One day, the PM abroad sent us several links, which talked about
a strange word - Scrum. We're only given one or two days for checking
the introduction documents of Scrum, and then we began the Stand-up
Meeting. Actually everyone knows the importance of communication,
but as we have 6 to 7 hours' time difference, when they came to work on
the morning, we would be going to clean up the table and go back home.
It didn't improve our communiction, and is given up after one or two
weeks,. We tried to do stand-up inside Chinese team, but the biggest
problem is the culture difference between teams and the project
planning. The stand-up meeting couldn't bring us much value, and became
a formality very soon and finally given up.
	We
didn't have planning meeting. We had so called Product Owner, but he
never explain the details of each story, nor define the Done status. We
tried Retrospective by ourselves, but the feedback got no response from
the team abroad, and we gave up later. 
	
When we first used ScrumWorks, Product Owner did prioritize all the
stories, and we did estimations. But now, everyone can throw stories
into ScrumWorks, and no one says which is more important than others,
we developers can decide it. If we left hundreds of stories in this
sprint, they would be just thrown into the next one. 
	
Too many things happened in this project, although it still goes on
despite all the difficulties, but anyone talking about Agile in our
company will make me feel queasiness.
	