---
layout: post
title: WWDC 2015 - 231 - Coach Touch Best Practices
category: iOS
tags: [WWDC]
---

This session talked about a few Cocoa Touch best practices from 3 perspectives:

*Performance
*User Experience
*Future proofing

### Performance

#### Launch Quickly

Defer the long running tasks. Only setup a minimum set of UI and return quickly from applicationDidFinisheLaunching. 

#### Launch Quickly Again

Use UIApplicationDelegate and get rid of unneeded memory resources when it gets to the background. Otherwise the app may get killed if it consumes lots of memory.

#### Don't duplicate constraints

#### Fully specify constraints

Use those methods to check if the constraints are fully specified:

>[UIView hasAmbiguousLayout]
>[UIView _autolayoutTrace] - this one was talked on the session, but I didn't find it in XCode7 beta2.

### User Experience

#### Design the app in terms of size.

Size Classes are the api that for apple to communicate to your app where those fundamental thresholds are crossed, so that you can react to those thresholds and think about having a fundemental change in UI to reflect those changes - like "Settings" on iPad and iPhone 6+ (landscape mode).

#### Animate tableview cell height change

Use tableView.beginUpdates before changing the content of the cell, and use tableView.endUpdate after.

>- beginUpdates

>Call this method if you want subsequent insertions, deletion, and selection operations (for example, cellForRowAtIndexPath: and indexPathsForVisibleRows) to be animated simultaneously. You can also use this method followed by the endUpdates method to animate the change in the row heights without reloading the cell. This group of methods must conclude with an invocation of endUpdates. These method pairs can be nested. 

### Future Proofing

#### Target 2 most recent major releases

#### Leverage UIViewControllerTransitionCoordinator

* Animate alongside a transition
* Get accurate completion timing